#########################################################################
#                  The Honeywall Bootable CD-ROM                        #
#                               by                                      #
#          The Honeynet Project and the Research Alliance               #
#########################################################################


                    Honeywall License and Disclaimer
                    ================================

                     Last Modified: 10 August, 2005


LICENSE
=======
The Honeywall CDROM is composed of a collection of various Open Source 
applications. If not otherwise specified, the software on the CD-ROM falls
under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE. The source code of the standard 
packages on the CD-ROM are available from their respective original 
providers (for example on the FTP servers of Debian, RedHat, Mandrake). 
Any software on this CD-ROM developed by the Honeynet Project is copyright 
the Honeynet Project and falls under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC  LICENSE. This 
software can be identified by a header stating as such. The source code 
for any compiled software developed by the Honeynet Project can also be 
found on our home website.


WARRANTY EXCLUSION
==================
The software is licensed "as is". The Honeynet Project makes no, and 
hereby expressly disclaims all, warranties, express, implied, statutory, 
or otherwise with respect to the software, including non-infringement and 
the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular 
purpose.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
=======================
In no event will The Honeynet Project be liable for any damages, including 
loss of data, lost profits, cost of cover, or other special, incidental, 
consequential, direct or indirect damages arising from the software or the 
use thereof, however caused and on any theory of liability. This 
limitation will apply even if The Honeynet Project has been advised of the 
possibility of such damage. You acknowledge that this is a reasonable 
allocation of risk.
